.\" Manpage for mlist.
.\" Contact mail@wagnertech.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH mlist 1 "04 Nov 2021" "1.2" "mlist man page"
.SH NAME
mlist \- CLI to mMails mailing list functionality
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mlist
COMMAND [LIST PERMISSION CONFIG]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
Remark:
To check if mlist service is properly installed, use \fB/usr/sbin/mmail list\fR.
.PP
mlist provides the following commands:
.TP
\fBannounce LIST PERMISSION\fR
announces a new mailling list. The list has to be provided as a file with name LIST. PERMISSION
describes who is allowed to use the mailling list.
.TP
\fBdelete LIST\fR
deletes list LIST. Only the system link is deleted, user data remains.
.TP
\fBget LIST\fR
Return list members
.TP
\fBinfo LIST\fR
provides information on LIST: list location, permission information.
.TP
\fBlist\fR
check mlist installation and print a list of all mailing lists.
.TP
\fBupdate\fR
If the content of the file LIST is updated, this has to be finished by calling 'mlist update'.
For any other changes re-announce the list.
.TP
\fBconfig LIST CONFIG\fR
Set config parameters to LIST. To set a value use PARAM=VALUE format. To unset a configuration just supply the
paramter name. Available config parameters are:

\fBSENDER:\fR Set envelope sender.

\fBSUBJECT_PREFIX:\fR Add this string to the subject of the mail.

\fBFROM:\fR Set mail header From value.

\fBREPLY_TO:\fR Set mail header Reply-To value. For this parameter the following spacial values are allowed:
\fBSENDER:\fR sets Reply-To to the original envelope sender. \fBFROM:\fR sets Reply-To to the original header From.

.PP
Parameters:
.TP
\fBLIST\fR
file name of the mailling list
.TP
\fBPERMISSION\fR
all|list|PERMFILE

\fBall:\fR everybody is allowed to use the mailling list

\fBlist:\fR all list members are allowed to use the mailling list

\fBPERMFILE:\fR file name of a list of email addresses that are permitted to use the mailling list

.TP
\fBCONFIG\fR
To set a value use PARAM=VALUE format. To unset a configuration just supply the
paramter name.

.SH SEE ALSO
mmail(8)
.SH FILES
The LIST or PERMFILE file contains email addresses line by line. There are two possible formats:

user@host.com

Real Name<user@host.com>
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Wagner (michael@wagnertech.de)
