.\" Manpage for mmail.
.\" Contact mail@wagnertech.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH mmail 8 "Apr 2017" GNU-Linux "WagnerTech Utils"
.SH NAME
mmail \- prepared features for postfix
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBmmail [\fR enable|disable|list \fB] [\fR \fIFEATURE\fR \fB]\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
mmail enhances a postfix installation for new features: enforce e2e encryption, mailing list support, serverside gnupg decryption,
enforce tls encryption. \fBenable\fR and \fBdisable\fR require a \fIFEATURE\fR, \fBlist\fR lists the installation status of all
features.
.PP
Feature description:
.TP
.B amavisd
Enable amavisd for postfix. It is supposed that amavisd listens on port 10024 and sends the e-mails back to port 10025.
.TP
.B mlist
mailing list support. This feature provides access control to mailing lists and is realized by 
postfix' aliases feature and a pipe extension for postfix (check_mlist).
Mailing lists are maintained by the
\fmlist\fR user command.
.TP
.B amavisvt
virus total support for postfix. See mmail-vt(8)
./.TP
./\fBe2e-in\fR
./enforce e2e encryption for incoming mail
./
./To reject non encrypted incoming mails put the untrusted providers to /etc/postfix/mmail/untrusted_providers. Local accounts that need 
./not to obey this rule are put in /home/mmail/etc/private_mail.
./
./TODO:
./
./Add your domain name to /etc/postfix/mmail/mmail.contfilt.regexp file.
./
./.TP
./\fBe2e-in | e2e-out\fR
./enforce e2e encryption for outgoing mail
./For mail providers listed in blacklist /home/mmail/etc/private_mail end to end (e2e) encrytion is required. To enable this
./feature for outgoing mails, put the private keys
./of the receptients in mmail's keyring and run \fBupdate-rc.d encrypter defaults\fR. To
./reject non encrypted incoming mails TODO. Local accounts that have not to obey this rule are put in /home/mmail/etc/private_mail.

./\fBserverside gnupg decryption\fR
./To decrypt e2e encrypted mail on this server put private keys to mmail's key ring and enable this feature by 
./\fBupdate-rc.d decryptd defaults\fR.
./.TP
./\fBtls-in | tls-out\fR
./enforce TLS encryption for outgoing or incoming mails.
.SH SEE ALSO
mlist(1), mmail-vt(8)
./.SH FILES
.//etc/postfix/mmail/mmail.contfilt.regexp
.//etc/postfix/mmail/untrusted_providers
./.SH BUGS
./e2e-in: Rejection of unencrypted mail does not work.
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Wagner (michael@wagnertech.de)
